Please allow me to say a few words about the COVID vaccines.
Some people are scared of a virus hurting or killing somebody. They love.
Some are scared of their government, betraying them.
They're leaders blinded by power and greed.
I have both of these fears and two I'm afraid as FDR,
a fear itself,
fear manifests as anger and anger leads to division in the hands of
charismatic leaders who then manufacture truth in quotes
that maximize controversy and a sense of imminent crisis that only they can save
us from. And though I'm sometimes mocked for of this.
I still believe that love compassion.
Empathy is the way out from this vicious downward spiral of division.
I personally took the vaccine based on my understanding of the data,
deciding that for me,
the risk of negative effects from COVID short term and long term are far worse.
The, of the negative effects from the RNA vaccine.
I read, I thought I decided from me,
but I never have,
and never will talked down to people who don't take the vaccine.
I'm humble enough to know just how little I know how wrong I have been
and will be many of my beliefs and ideas. I think dogmatic,
certainty and division is more destructive in the long term than any virus.
The solution for me personally, like I said,
is to choose empathy and compassion towards all fellow human beings,
no matter who they voted for.
I hope you do the same read think and try to imagine
that what you currently think is the truth may be totally wrong.
This mindset is one that opens you to discovery innovation and wisdom.
I hope my conversation with Vincent Rello is a useful resource for just this
kind of exploration.
He doesn't talk down to people and he's the most knowledgeable virologist I've
ever spoken to. He has no political agenda,
no desire to mock those who disagree with him.
He just loves biology and explaining the fundamental mechanisms of how
biological systems work. That's a great person to listen to and learn from,
with an open mind. I hope you join me in doing so and no matter what,
try to put more love out there in the world.